Add vulnerability scanner image (#654)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/images/vulnerability-scanner/README.md

# Docker Image containing node and go environments and Snyk application installed

## Overview

> This folder contains the Golang Buildpack with nodejs and Snyk image that is based on the Golang Buildpack image. Use it to perform vulnerability scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the Golang Buildpack with Node.js and Snyk image that is based on the Golang Buildpack image. Use it to perform vulnerability scans.
```

The image consists of:

- Go 1.11.4
- Dep 0.5.0
- Gcloud 219.0.1

> - Docker 18.06.1*

Reviewer: What does the `*` mean? Why is it there?

> - nodejs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Node.js
```

- Snyk 1.134.2

## Installation

> To build the Docker image, run this command:

Reviewer: Is this sufficient? If other teams are to use this tool then you probably should provide more details. If just runs on Prow then ignore this comment.

Author: It runs only on Prow.
